🚀 3.3.1 (#157)
borisbu/OctoRelay: CHANGELOG.md

## Version 3

### 3.3.1

- Refactoring: consistent naming for the plugin settings.

>   - This update will migrate the existing plugin settings.

Author: ```suggestion
  - This update will migrate the relay settings in existing configuration.
```
